1. How to check if git is available on your system?
Ans: Open the command prompt or terminal, then type the command
    git
    or 
    git version
    or 
    git --version
if git is installed it will display all the details of installed versions of git,
else will throw command not found error.

2. How to initialize a new git repository?
Ans: We create a appropriate folder on the local system.
    Navigate to the folder where one wants to initialize the git.
    then type the command,
        git init
    This will add a .git hidden folder to the working area.
    The command prompt will prompt some details related to the project.
    Give enter the details. Thus we can initialize the new git repository.

3. How to tell git about your name and email?
Ans: To tell about name and email, 
    we have to configure either local git or global git in our systems.
    To configure name at global level we use the command
        git config --global user.name <username>
    To configure email at global level we use the command,
        git config --global user.email <user email>
    
    To check the correctness of the entered values,
        git config --list
    which will all info entered by the git user.

4. How to add a file to the staging area?
Ans: To add the file to the staging area, we have to,
    1. create a new file or make changes to the existing file and save the file.
    2. git will recognise the changes in the current working directory.
    3. when we check the status using
        git status 
    it will return all the changes made , such as changes in files and untracked files in the working area.
    4. Then we have use the command 
        git add . => to add all the changed or new files to the staging area 
            or 
        git add <filename> => to add the filenames mentioned to the staging area.

5. How to remove a file from the staging area?
Ans: To remove a file from the staging area, we can use the command,
    git rm --cached <file>

6. How to make a commit?
Ans: Once the required files are added to the staging area, the files are ready to be committed.
To commit we use the command,
    git commit -m <meaningful commit message>

7. How to send your changes to the remote repository?
Ans: To send the changes to the remote repository we use,
    git push
command.

8. What is the difference between clone and pull?
Ans: Clone: Clone means to create a local repository in the system. All the files from the remote 
    repository is added to the local repository. To clone we use the command,
        git clone <url> => where url is the remote repo url.
    Pull: Whenever multiple developers or contributors are working on the same project push their 
    local changes to the remote repo, the other developers can access the same by pulling the changes 
    with command,
        git pull 
    which will fetch the changes in the remote repo and pull the changes to the local repo.
