1. What is Git?
Ans: Git is a version control system software which helps to take care of development by saving snapshots 
of codebase at all stages of development process. It helps to share, merge, track all versions of code.

2. What do you understand by the term version control system?
Ans: Version Control System means tracking the code changes, by storing the various snapshots for 
the developed code.It also helps in tracking who made changes like history of files. It also helps in coding
collaborations.

3. What is GitHub?
Ans: GitHub is a cloud storage for remote repositories. It is a place where developers save their 
code contributions by pushing from the local repositories.

4. Mention some popular Git hosting services.
Ans: Github, Gitlab, Bitbucket, etc.,.

5. Different types of version control systems.
Ans: There are mainly two types of version control systems,
 1. Centralized Version Control System:
    In this type of VCS all files are stored on a central remote repository and all the individual contributors
must periodically commit and update the codebase.
 2. Distributed Version Control System:
    In thus typs if VCS all files are also stored on a central remote repository, but a local repository
is also maintained on the computers of individual contributors. Initially the developers will stage all the 
untracked changes and unstaged changes on the local system. Then commits to the local repository. 
Once committed all the changes will be pushed to the remote server.

6. What are the benefits of using GIT?
Ans: Benefits of using GIT are:
    1. Tracking code changes.
    2. Helps in collaboration of multiple contributors in the form of different modules.
    3. Tracking the history of codebase and track the developer responsible for particular contribution.

7. What is a GIT repository?
Ans: Git repository is a folder tracked by GIT. Basically GIT will check for changes in the particular folder 
and helps in tracking the changes. The contributor can commit the changes to save the snapshots for
future reference.

8. How can you initialize a repository in GIT?
Ans: One can initialize the Git repository by typing the command 
    git init 
This will ask for project details through the command line where developer has to enter answers for 
the questions.